README.md, before:

<h1>🔥𝙏𝙚𝙘𝙝𝙣𝙤𝙡𝙤𝙜𝙮 𝙪𝙨𝙚𝙙 & 𝙏𝙤𝙤𝙡𝙨 <h1>
💠𝑯𝑻𝑴𝑳 <br>
💠𝑻𝒂𝒊𝒍𝒘𝒊𝒏𝒅𝑪𝑺𝑺, 𝑪𝑺𝑺 <br>
💠𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒕𝒔𝒕𝒓𝒂𝒑 <br>
💠𝑱𝒂𝒗𝒂𝑺𝒄𝒓𝒊𝒑𝒕, 𝑽𝒂𝒏𝒊𝒍𝒍𝒂𝑱𝑺 <br>
💠𝑷𝑯𝑷, 𝑴𝒚𝑺𝑸𝑳 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝑳𝒂𝒓𝒂𝒗𝒆𝒍 <br>

# Assingments
☑️Activity 1:
Here i have put all the files that i have worked on using (HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS,Laravel ).<br>
🟢 https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/Login%20page 
<br>
🟢 https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/ProfilePage
<br>
🟢 https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/ResgisterPage

☑️Actvity 2:
Creating a repository on Github with the project files of Activity I & setting up a
dynamic github profile page.<br>
🟢 https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment

☑️Actvity 3:
Use Javascript to manipulate DOM in either of the projects created in Activity I.<br>
🟢https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/activity3

☑️Actvity 4:
Must create a basic php app, where registration, login, profile view and profile
edit are functional.<br>
🟢https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/activity4

❌Actvity 5:<br>
🔴Not assinged 

☑️Activity 6:
Create a static portfolio page with Laravel, Tailwind/Bootstrap utilizing routing,
controllers and blade templates.<br>
🟢https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/blob/master/activity%206/screenshot/sks.png

Commit message:

updated with activity7 and its code and screenshot

README.md, after:

<h1>🔥𝙏𝙚𝙘𝙝𝙣𝙤𝙡𝙤𝙜𝙮 𝙪𝙨𝙚𝙙 & 𝙏𝙤𝙤𝙡𝙨 <h1>
💠𝑯𝑻𝑴𝑳 <br>
💠𝑻𝒂𝒊𝒍𝒘𝒊𝒏𝒅𝑪𝑺𝑺, 𝑪𝑺𝑺 <br>
💠𝑩𝒐𝒐𝒕𝒔𝒕𝒓𝒂𝒑 <br>
💠𝑱𝒂𝒗𝒂𝑺𝒄𝒓𝒊𝒑𝒕, 𝑽𝒂𝒏𝒊𝒍𝒍𝒂𝑱𝑺 <br>
💠𝑷𝑯𝑷, 𝑴𝒚𝑺𝑸𝑳 𝒂𝒏𝒅 𝑳𝒂𝒓𝒂𝒗𝒆𝒍 <br>

# Assingments
☑️Activity 1:
Here i have put all the files that i have worked on using (HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS,Laravel ).<br>
🟢 https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/Login%20page 
<br>
🟢 https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/ProfilePage
<br>
🟢 https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/ResgisterPage

☑️Actvity 2:
Creating a repository on Github with the project files of Activity I & setting up a
dynamic github profile page.<br>
🟢 https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment

☑️Actvity 3:
Use Javascript to manipulate DOM in either of the projects created in Activity I.<br>
🟢https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/activity3

☑️Actvity 4:
Must create a basic php app, where registration, login, profile view and profile
edit are functional.<br>
🟢https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/activity4

❌ Actvity 5:<br>
🔴 Not assinged 

☑️Activity 6:
Create a static portfolio page with Laravel, Tailwind/Bootstrap utilizing routing,
controllers and blade templates.<br>
🟢https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/blob/master/activity%206/screenshot/sks.png
  
☑️Activity 7:
Prepare an artificial college database which seeds 50,000+ data points of
Students, Teachers , Assignments, Marks. Each model must be referenced using
relationships. Models, Migrations, Seeders and Factories must be used.  
🟢https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/activity7  
🟢https://github.com/Godsk-glitch/Assingment/tree/master/activity7/Sceenshots
